Events Guide for Jonghyuk and Spanner as of Version 1.1.8

﻿⊱ ───────────────────────── {.⋅ ✯ ⋅.} ────────────────────────── ⊰

NOTE: Anytime you are given multiple options to choose from a menu and an arrow is seen,
it means you can explore the other options as much as you'd like. Choosing the last 
option with the arrow will continue with the rest of the event.

DISCLAIMER: What will happen if you are unsure of what to do? At most, you may 
lose some friendship points, among other things, but those can be regained in time. 
Sunberry is very much about exploration instead of having a set right or wrong path. 
This guide will show you how to trigger the events. Play however you feel is right.
May contain slight spoilers due to nature of the guide. Use at own risk.

Some events may be viewed out of order, but this guide puts them in chronological
order of what would best fit the narrative. Keep in mind that a few events may become
missable under certain conditions.

WARNING: The Event Limiter mod will likely interrupt the flow of the story since there 
are some invisible and follow-up events.

﻿⊱ ───────────────────────── {.⋅ ✯ ⋅.} ────────────────────────── ⊰

✯ Jonghyuk 2H - Sunberry Saturday Hangout Minigame

*NOTE: You should adjust your zoom level in the settings to at least 100% or more
to be safe.

You will receive a letter from Cho Jonghyuk, inviting you to join the villagers 
on Sunberry Saturday. Enter Sunberry Village on a sunny Saturday between 3pm-9pm. 
Must not be Winter. There must not be a passive Sunberry festival ongoing.

*You are given 2 difficulties. Easy mode will give you the best ending regardless 
of performance. Challenge mode will give you an award if you get a perfect score. 
Before you begin, you can ask "Wait, what do I do again?" for another brief 
explanation of the game's rules.

✯ Secret Jonghyuk 2H - Secret Forest1
Enter the secret Sunberry Forest, Sunglade(?) before 6pm. Must be sunny. Entering the 
normal Sunberry Forest may give you a clue about music coming from deep within the woods.

✯ Jonghyuk and Sterling 2 Heart - ARV crossover (MISSABLE)
Enter the Sunberry Mountain between 7pm-11:50pm. Must be sunny. Must not be Winter.
This event is disabled if you have seen Sterling's Sobriety Event.

✯ Jonghyuk and Lani 2 Heart - Lani Crossover
Have 2 hearts with Jonghyuk. May trigger upon entering Jonghyuk's house.
Teaser for upcoming additional resident Lani.

✯ Jonghyuk and Wren 2 Heart - Wren Crossover Pt.1
Have 2 hearts with Jonghyuk and Wren. Enter Jonghyuk's House.

✯ Jonghyuk and Wren 3 Heart - Wren Crossover Pt.2
Have 3 hearts with Jonghyuk and Wren. Have 2 hearts with Aicha. Must have seen part 1.
Enter Wren's House.

✯ Jonghyuk 4H - D&D Cat Cafe (MISSABLE)
Enter the Sunberry Cat Cafe between 9am-4pm with 4 hearts. This has a follow up event 
upstairs if you choose to join. Declining to join makes you lose permanent access to 
the rest of the event.

✯ Jonghyuk 4H with Harvey
Have 4 hearts with both Jonghyuk and Harvey. On any day accept Wednesday, leave Pierre's 
Shop while it is Sunny. Event will play in town.

✯ Spanner's Unlock Conditions:
Must have 2 Hearts with Jonghyuk. Must have unlocked the Bus from Community Center bundle. 
Go to the Bus Stop while Pam is present to unlock an invisible trigger. Talking to Pam 
may have her talk about the Bus Company. After at least 4 days have passed, Spanner's 
Introduction can be triggered. Spanner becomes fully unlocked after completing all of 
Spanner's introduction events. Spanner reveals more insight on Jonghyuk's past, so it's 
worth fixing the Bus as soon as possible.

✯ Spanner's Introduction (chain event)
After fulfilling Spanner's Unlock Conditions, enter the Bus Stop between 12pm-7pm. 
Must be sunny. Must have at least 1000g. To continue with the rest of the event, you must 
find him. Doing so will unlock him after a few days and trigger a conversation topic.
Hint: He will be within the main Pelican Town area. 

✯ Spanner 2H - Minigame
Must have 2 hearts with Spanner. Must be sunny. Enter Jonghyuk's home between 9am-11pm. 
Spanner invites you to play a video game with him on Jonghyuk's gaming console.

✯ Spanner 2H - Wren Crossover
Must have 2 hearts with Spanner and Wren. Enter Sunberry Village between 8am-6pm. 
Must be sunny. There must not be a passive Sunberry festival ongoing. Focuses on 
Spanner's apprenticeship with Wren.

✯ Spanner 4H - Sharing is Caring
Must have 4 hearts with Spanner. Enter the Serenity Inn in Sunberry Village between 
6:10am-2:50pm. Most of the Sunberry Village residents will comment on the chaotic 
spectacle for the rest of the week.

✯ Jonghyuk 6H
Must have 6 Hearts with Jonghyuk. Enter Sunberry Village between 12pm-6pm. 
Must be sunny. There must not be a passive Sunberry festival ongoing.
Follow Jonghyuk to the secret location behind the waterfall to continue the rest 
of the event. New area contains healing properties.

✯ Jonghyuk and Spanner 6H Interlude - The Sunberry Mines
*A turning point in the story. Important story elements for both Jonghyuk and Spanner. 
Must have 6 hearts with Spanner and must have seen Spanner's 4 heart event. Recommended 
to have at least 1 level in combat and some recovery items.

Enter the Sunberry Mines in the SBV Mountains with at least 6 hearts with Spanner. 
Events must be seen in chronological order to complete the Sunberry Mines Interlude.
Continue to Floor 9, 10A, 11, and 12. Epilogue at Jonghyuk's house. 

✯ Spanner 8H
Must have 8 hearts with Spanner. Must be sunny. Any season except winter. 30% chance of 
occurring when entering the farm between 6pm-2am. Contains an irreversible decision.
*The important change that can only be reverted if you somehow watch the event again by 
forgetting with an event mod or using debug mode to watch again.

✯ Jonghyuk 8H - Special Order for Water Lantern Festival
An invisible trigger is set in the farmhouse upon reaching 8 hearts with Jonghyuk. A new 
Special Order is added to your journal. The dropbox for the requested materials is in 
Jonghyuk's room on his table.

*WAG Compatibility. If you have Wildflour's WAG mod installed by the time you receive the 
special order, you must craft 30 WAG candles instead of 60 torches. As of version 1.1.5 of 
this mod, Cauldron is required to craft WAG candles. 

✯ Jonghyuk 8H - Water Lantern Festival
Upon completing the Special Order, the Water Lantern Festival is added to the calendar. It 
triggers on mostly any Sunday, except the Moonlight Jellies and all of Winter. Once you have 
participated in the festival, it will completely disappear as of version 1.1.5. 

*The festival will be a recurring festival during the summer in a future update with exclusive 
boat ride scenes with other SBV residents (including Jonghyuk, Sterling, Wren, Spanner, and etc).

﻿⊱ ──────────────────────── {.⋅ ✯ ⋅.} ──────────────────────── ⊰

10 Heart events for Jonghyuk and Spanner will be added in future updates, 
including marriage content exclusive to Sunberry Village and adoption/roommates 
content respectively. 